0.11

- Make sure Mason modules are loaded before declaring
HTML::Mason::Exception subclass.  Previously, loading this module
before loading HTML::Mason::Exceptions caused this module to die.

- Fixed a pod nit.

0.10

- This module would not set cookies properly when run with mod_perl
2.0 or when run under CGIHandler.  Even though it loaded CGI::Cookie,
it would attempt call ->bake on the cookie object, which only works
with Apache::Cookie.

- Added session_cookie_resend parameter, which allows you to tell this
module to not resend cookies every time the session is accessed.  The
default remains the same, which is to resend the cookie every time the
session is accessed.

0.09  October 21, 2002

- ** Change the default cookie name to
"MasonX-Request-WithApacheSession".  This means if you were using
previous versions of the module with the default cookie name and you
install this one, old cookies will not be recognized.  You can
explicitly set the cookie name to the old value,
"HTML-Mason-Request-WithApacheSession", if this is a problem.

- The previous version would try to use Apache::Cookie for
reading/setting cookies even if it couldn't load Apache::Cookie.


0.08  October 19, 2002

- ** Renamed to MasonX::Request::WithApacheSession.  MasonX is the new
official namespace for classes distributed outside of the Mason core
that extend Mason.

This means that when you install this release, it will not replace
HTML::Mason::Request::WithApacheSession.  Make sure you change your
usage of this class in your httpd.conf or handler.pl file!

- Get cookie (and session id) in the constructor, so that the session
is available from the request object returned by
ApacheHandler->prepare_request().  Bug report by Matthias Juchem.

- Try to use Apache::Cookie if we're running under mod_perl, but
fallback to CGI::Cookie if necessary.


0.07  August 19, 2002 (from Taiwan)

- Some parameters which should have allowed undef were not allowing
it.

- When an incoming cookie contained an invalid session id and a new
session was created, the old session id was still being set in the
cookie for that request.  Reported by Warren Welch.


0.06  August 1, 2002

- Every call to $m->session was baking a new cookie.  Reported by
Chris Huseman.
- Added $m->delete_session method.  Suggested by Chris Huseman.


0.05  July 23, 2002

- Use Request->alter_superclass method available in Mason 1.12.


0.04  July 17, 2002

- Make it play nicer with a caching Class::Container.


0.03  July 15, 2002

- Make it work with upcoming Class::Container (which does more
caching).

- Fix handling of subrequests.


0.02  June 20, 2002

- Make it work with CGIHandler as well.

- Add Apache::Session to prereq (duh!).  Reported by Alex Muntada.


0.01  June 12, 2002

- initial release
